[media-library] Promote new API to root import (#46030)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/media-library-legacy.mdx

---
title: MediaLibrary (legacy)
description: A library that provides access to the device's media library.
sourceCodeUrl: 'https://github.com/expo/expo/tree/main/packages/expo-media-library/src/legacy'
packageName: 'expo-media-library'
iconUrl: '/static/images/packages/expo-media-library.png'
platforms: ['android', 'ios', 'tvos', 'expo-go']
---

import APISection from '~/components/plugins/APISection';
import { APIInstallSection } from '~/components/plugins/InstallSection';
import { AndroidPermissions, IOSPermissions } from '~/components/plugins/permissions';
import {
  ConfigReactNative,
  ConfigPluginExample,
  ConfigPluginProperties,
} from '~/ui/components/ConfigSection';
import { SnackInline } from '~/ui/components/Snippet';

> This page documents the legacy media library API. Import it from `expo-media-library/legacy`. The root `expo-media-library` import exposes the class-based API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **important** The `legacy` version of Contacts API included on `expo-contacts` library. It can be used alongside class-based `expo-contacts` API, which is exposed from root. To use the legacy API, import it from `expo-contacts/legacy`.
```
